docs: document aibom cli enrich flag (#1535)
snyk/user-docs: developer-tools/snyk-cli/commands/aibom.md

**Optional**. Persist the AIBOM into your Snyk Organization. This flag requires the [`--repo`](aibom.md#repo) flag. It enables you to view your AI-BOM for the repository in the Evo web interface.

> ### `--enriched`

Reviewer: Placement note — no content change, just reordering:

The `### --enriched` section is currently between `--upload` (L85) and `--repo` (L98), but those two are a documented pair (`--repo`: *"Required when you use the `--upload` flag"*). Could you move the whole `### --enriched` block above `### --upload` — e.g., between `### --json-file-output` (L79 area) and `### --upload` — so the upload/repo pairing stays adjacent?

Author: Done!

> **Optional**. When enabled, runs additional slower enrichment steps on the AI-BOM.

Reviewer: Small copy tweak: active voice, drop the stacked *additional slower* adjectives, and give the reader a reason to opt in.

```suggestion
**Optional**. Runs extra enrichment on the AI-BOM to produce a more complete inventory. This mode is slower than the default.
```
